Update infra CI/CD prod deployment guide to use latest version (#355)
gruntwork-io/gruntwork-io.github.io: _posts/2020-02-06-how-to-configure-a-production-grade-ci-cd-setup-for-apps-and-infrastructure-code.adoc

=== Deploy the ECS Deploy Runner

[.exceptional]
IMPORTANT: **This guide is currently only compatible with ECS deploy runner version v0.27.x.** We are working on a
series of updates to the Gruntwork CI/CD pipeline spread out across multiple versions. Once complete, we will update

> this guide to the latest version. In the meantime, use `v0.27.2` for a stable deployment process.

Author: @josh-padnick what do you think of this alternative wording?

Reviewer: Sounds great!

  `stdout` and `stderr`.
- Exit with the appropriate exit code depending on if the underlying command succeeded or failed.

You can use any Docker image with the ECS Deploy Runner, but it must meet the following requirements:

- Define a trigger directory where scripts that can be invoked by the ECS Deploy Runner Lambda function are contained.

>   You want to limit the actions that can be performed within the ECS tasks with powerful IAM permissions. The ECS Deploy

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  You should limit the actions that can be performed within the ECS tasks due to its powerful IAM permissions. The ECS Deploy
```

I'd suggest a slight rephrasing here as it could be confusing which actions you're referring to - IAM "actions" or "script actions"

Author: Makes sense! Updated to clarify this is referring to scripts, and also expanded a bit why you want to limit the scripts more: e6300bf7

  scripts defined in the trigger directory can be invoked.

- The entrypoint must be set to the `deploy-runner` entrypoint command provided in the
  https://github.com/gruntwork-io/module-ci/tree/master/modules/ecs-deploy-runner/entrypoint[module-ci repository].
  This is a small go binary that enforces the configured trigger directory of the Docker container by making sure that
  the script requested to invoke actually resides in the trigger directory.  See the
  https://github.com/gruntwork-io/module-ci/blob/master/modules/ecs-deploy-runner/docker/deploy-runner/Dockerfile[Dockerfile
  for the deploy-runner container] for an example of how to install the entrypoint script.

For this guide, we will deploy the standard deploy runner provided by Gruntwork. The standard deploy runner container
includes various utilities that are necessary for deploying anything from the Gruntwork Infrastructure as Code Library.
You can read more about what is included in the standard container
https://github.com/gruntwork-io/module-ci/blob/master/modules/ecs-deploy-runner/core-concepts.md#deploy-runner[in the

> documentation].

Author: Updated in cc34148d

https://github.com/gruntwork-io/module-ci/tree/master/modules/ecs-deploy-runner[ecs-deploy-runner module] in
`module-ci`.

> Create a new module called `ecs-deploy-runner` in `infrastructure-modules`:

Reviewer 2: Soon customers will be able to just use the service-catalog module! Are you expecting to update this again once released?

Author: Yes.

  config_path = "${get_terragrunt_dir()}/../ecr-repo"
}

# Extract common references.

> # TODO: Fill these in.

Author: Done: f55bf1d7

  repo_access_ssh_key_secrets_manager_arn = ""
}

# Configure input values for the specific environment being deployed:
inputs = {
  vpc_id             = dependency.vpc.outputs.vpc_id
  private_subnet_ids = dependency.vpc.outputs.private_subnet_ids

  terraform_planner_config = {
    container_image = {
      docker_image = dependency.ecr.outputs.url
      docker_tag   = "v1"
    }

    infrastructure_live_repositories        = [local.infrastructure_live_git_url]
    secrets_manager_env_vars                = {}
    env_vars                                = {}
    repo_access_ssh_key_secrets_manager_arn = local.repo_access_ssh_key_secrets_manager_arn

    # Include read only access for the services that you use. Here we include typical read only permissions needed for
    # deploying EC2 clusters.
    iam_policy = {
      AutoScalingReadOnlyAccess = {
        effect = "Allow"
        actions = [
          "autoscaling:Describe*",
        ]
        resources = ["*"]
      }
      EC2ReadOnlyAccess = {
        effect = "Allow"
        actions = [
          "ec2:Describe*",
        ]
        resources = ["*"]
      }

>       IAMReadOnlyAccess = {

Author: Done: f55bf1d7

        ]
        resources = ["*"]
      }
      S3ReadOnlyAccess = {
        effect = "Allow"
        actions = [
          "s3:Get*",
          "s3:List*",
        ]
        resources = ["*"]
      }

      # The following permissions are needed to read the remote state resources
      S3StateBucketAccess = {
        effect  = "Allow"
        actions = ["s3:*"]
        resources = [
          "arn:aws:s3:::${local.state_bucket}",
          "arn:aws:s3:::${local.state_bucket}/*",
        ]
      }
      DynamoDBLocksTableAccess = {
        effect  = "Allow"
        actions = ["dynamodb:*"]
        resources = [
          "arn:aws:dynamodb:*:*:table/${local.state_lock_table}"
        ]
      }
    }
  }

  terraform_applier_config = {
    container_image = {
      docker_image = dependency.ecr.outputs.url
      docker_tag   = "v1"
    }

    infrastructure_live_repositories        = [local.infrastructure_live_git_url]
    allowed_apply_git_refs                  = ["master"]
    secrets_manager_env_vars                = {}
    env_vars                                = {}
    repo_access_ssh_key_secrets_manager_arn = local.repo_access_ssh_key_secrets_manager_arn

>     # Include access for the services that you use. Here we include typical permissions needed for deploying EC2

Author: This is a bit difficult to package given that it needs to be pulled in in terragrunt, but yes we should have that.

      }
      EC2ServiceDeployAccess = {
        effect    = "Allow"
        actions   = ["ec2:*"]
        resources = ["*"]
      }
      IAMAccess = {
        effect    = "Allow"
        actions   = ["iam:*"]
        resources = ["*"]
      }
      S3DeployAccess = {
        effect    = "Allow"
        actions   = ["s3:*"]
        resources = ["*"]
      }
      DynamoDBLocksTableAccess = {
        effect  = "Allow"
        actions = ["dynamodb:*"]
        resources = [
          "arn:aws:dynamodb:*:*:table/${local.state_lock_table}"
        ]
      }
    }
  }

  # Set this to the AWS IAM role that your machine user will assume.
  iam_roles = ["allow-auto-deploy-from-other-accounts"]
}
----

IMPORTANT: It is tempting to grant admin permissions to both the planner and applier ECS tasks. In production it is
**strongly** recommended to take the effort to identify the least privileges the Deploy Runner needs to accomplish plan
and apply separately. Terraform has many escape hatches that allow you to run arbitrary code even during plan, so
having the plan container have arbitrary permissions to touch your infrastructure could allow a malicious user to deploy

> unwanted content without detection.

Author: Good point. Updated: 0b6e198c

    # Include read only access for the services that you use. Here we include typical read only permissions needed for
    # deploying EC2 clusters.
    iam_policy = {
      AutoScalingReadOnlyAccess = {
        effect = "Allow"
        actions = [
          "autoscaling:Describe*",
        ]
        resources = ["*"]
      }
      EC2ReadOnlyAccess = {
        effect = "Allow"
        actions = [
          "ec2:Describe*",
        ]
        resources = ["*"]
      }
      IAMReadOnlyAccess = {
        effect = "Allow"
        actions = [
          "iam:Get*",
          "iam:List*",
          "iam:PassRole",
        ]
        resources = ["*"]
      }
      S3ReadOnlyAccess = {
        effect = "Allow"
        actions = [
          "s3:Get*",
          "s3:List*",
        ]
        resources = ["*"]
      }

      # The following permissions are needed to read the remote state resources
      S3StateBucketAccess = {
        effect  = "Allow"
        actions = ["s3:*"]
        resources = [
          "arn:aws:s3:::${local.state_bucket}",
          "arn:aws:s3:::${local.state_bucket}/*",
        ]
      }

>       DynamoDBStateBucketAccess = {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      DynamoDBLocksTableAccess = {
```

Reviewer 2: FYI, I've updated this in our current deployment as well.

Author: Ah good idea!

        effect  = "Allow"
        actions = ["dynamodb:*"]
        resources = [
          "arn:aws:dynamodb:*:*:table/terraform-locks"
        ]
      }
    }
  }

  terraform_applier_config = {
    container_image = {
      docker_image = local.deploy_runner_ecr_uri
      docker_tag   = local.deploy_runner_container_image_tag
    }

>     infrastructure_live_repositories        = ["git@github.com:<YOUR_ORG>/refarch-demo-infrastructure-live.git"]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    infrastructure_live_repositories        = ["git@github.com:<YOUR_ORG>/infrastructure-live.git"]
```

Author: Woops! Good catch!

    allowed_apply_git_refs                  = ["master"]
    secrets_manager_env_vars                = {}
    env_vars                                = {}

    # Set this to the Secrets Manager ARN that was outputted when you created the Secrets Manager entry.
    repo_access_ssh_key_secrets_manager_arn = "ARN_TO_SECRETS_MANAGER_ENTRY_WITH_SSH_PRIVATE_KEY"

    # Include access for the services that you use. Here we include typical permissions needed for deploying EC2
    # clusters.
    iam_policy = {
      AutoScalingDeployAccess = {
        effect    = "Allow"
        actions   = ["autoscaling:*"]
        resources = ["*"]
      }
      EC2ServiceDeployAccess = {
        effect    = "Allow"
        actions   = ["ec2:*"]
        resources = ["*"]
      }
      IAMAccess = {
        effect    = "Allow"
        actions   = ["iam:*"]
        resources = ["*"]
      }
      S3DeployAccess = {
        effect    = "Allow"
        actions   = ["s3:*"]
        resources = ["*"]
      }

>       DynamoDBStateBucketAccess = {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      DynamoDBLocksTableAccess = {
```

If everything is set up correctly, you should see a stream of logs that indicate a `terragrunt plan` running on the
`vpc-mgmt` module.

Note that we don't specify the infrastructure-live repository in the command. The ECS Deploy Runner will automatically
select the provided `infrastructure-live` repository when
`var.terraform_planner_config.infrastructure_live_repositories` and
`var.terraform_applier_config.infrastructure_live_repositories` is a list with a single item.

You can see all the containers and scripts that you can invoke using the `infrastructure-deployer` by running the

> `--descripe-containers` command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`--describe-containers` command:
```

Author: Good catch!
